Move XC course questions to subdirectory structure (#2573)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/python-grader/index.md

## Banning/Disallowing library functions

> One can hook into library functions in the setup code to disallow students from accessing certain functions.  This example is taken from the [demo/autograderNumpy] question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can hook into library functions in the setup code to disallow students from accessing certain functions.  This example is taken from the [demo/autograder/python/numpy] question.
```

After grading, results will be written to the secret filename generated above.  If this file does not exist or the filename does not match then the grading job will fail and students will not receive points.  This is mostly a failsafe in case the grader code were to crash, but in theory could also prevent crafty students from writing their own results file.

The grading job will now drop back to `root` in the `run.sh` script and will copy any output to the correct location, as expected by the external grading framework.

> [demo/autograderNumpy]: https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/tree/master/exampleCourse/questions/demo/autograderNumpy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[demo/autograder/python/umpy]: https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/tree/master/exampleCourse/questions/demo/autograder/python/numpy
```
